Ladies and gentlemen, friends of Tennessee, we had a very historic occasion in the United
States Senate this week when the two distinguished senators from the new state of Hawaii, the
beautiful state of Hawaii, where introduced and sworn in as members of the United States
Senate.
And I'm very happy to have them here with me on this occasion to introduce them to
the people of Tennessee.
On my right first, I will introduce Senator Haram Fong, who is the first person of Chinese
descent who has ever been a member of the Congress.
It's a great pleasure to have you on this program, Senator Fong.
My pleasure, Senator Kefawa, to be here with you.
Thank you.
And we have a special interest in the Senator on my left, Oran Long.
He went to school at Johnson Bible College near Knoxville, Tennessee, and he came back as
principal or superintendent of that college, or sometime later.
And he married a very lovely Tennessee girl, Mr. Geneva Rule.
You're as good to have you, Oran.
Say something to the people of—we consider you our third Senator, you know.
Thank you, Estes.
It's a great privilege to be here.
Senator Long was the governor of Hawaii for a time, and he is a member of the Democratic
Party.
When you're coming down to see us in Tennessee, Oran, we expect to spend our vacation in
Knoxville just as soon as the session adjourns, Senator.
Well, wonderful, Alvie, right there.
You're a better place.
I hope that you'll cool it off a little bit before we get there.
Well, it'll be cool in the mountains.
That's right.
And we'll go up to Gablinburg and Smoky Mountain National Park.
Senator Fong, you graduated, I believe, from Harvard Law School.
Is that a great lawyer served in the Air Force in Italy as a major during the war?
Air Force in Hickenfield.
Yes.
Have you been—have you ever been to Tennessee?
Yes, I've passed with Tennessee approximately ten years ago on my way from New Orleans to
Washington.
On the train?
Yes, on the train.
Well, we want you to stay longer this—we want you to come down and see the TVA and stay
here as a real visit sometime.
I'll accept that.
How did—which one of you are the senior Senator?
How did you decide that?
Well, since the long gave me the title, he flipped the coin and he yelled heads and tail
king.
Is that right, Oran?
That's correct.
Well, and then we had a very unusual situation.
You were just both elected as usual, as a case of Alaska also as senators.
Then you have—we have to go through a process of deciding which would be the—well, you'd
have a two-year term, a four-year term, or a six-year term.
How was that decided Senator Long?
That was decided by drawing.
By a flip of the coin, I had the privilege of drawing first as between six years and a
blank.
I drew the blank.
And so, that's a little long after six years.
I had no six years.
He left on one half of me.
And so you have a six-year term Senator Long, and you have a—and then I had to draw
as between the two-year and the four-year term.
And luck was wet.
Me, I drew the four-year term.
Well, that's fine.
So everybody's very happy about it.
So, and Senator Long is a Republican and Senator Long is a Democrat.
Well, what's your impression about the United States Senate Senator Long?
My impression that I've got a lot to learn.
I'm going to keep up with it.
And I'm learning very, very slowly.
When you go back to how old you went to Congress, when the—
Yes, I will.
If it ever gets over, I don't know when it'll get over.
You think you'll get over soon?
A lot of no-one's entered the ladder.
No, I'm Fred, I express an opinion.
What's your impression?
What are your plans for the future, Aaron?
My outstanding impression is the great friendliness of the men and the one lady that makes up
the membership of 98, or 98 constituents.
Wonderful.
Well, I associated with them.
Well, that's very wonderful of you to say that.
Well, I certainly appreciate you being on the program and I'm happy to have introduced
you to the people of my state.
We'll look for you in Tennessee sometime.
That's all until next week at this time.
Thank you very much.